h1. Glitter

Glitter is a greasemonkey script that modifies the default look, feel and behaviour of Twitter.

*GLITTER IS STILL A WORK IN PROGRESS AND CURRENTLY DOES NOT BEHAVE OR LOOK THE WAY IT IS INTENDED TO*

h2. Installation

* In order to install glitter you need to be using the Firefox browser (v.3.5 is preferable) with the [greasemonkey plugin](https://addons.mozilla.org/en-US/firefox/addon/748);
* Before proceeding you need to ensure that greasemonkey is turned off by left clicking on its icon in the bottom right corner of your browser window (it should be greyed out);
* Click on the glitter.user.js link in the github repo browser above;
* Select the raw viewing option in the top right corner of the code window;
* Turn on greasemonkey by left clicking on its icon and it should autodetect the presence of the script;
* Allow greasemonkey to install the script and then proceed to log in to your twitter account as per normal.

h2. Dependencies

Glitter currently requires both Firefox and Greasemonkey in order to be run. While Opera also supports the use of custom user scripts Glitter has not been tested on it and is likely to be unstable.

h2. Legal

Copyright (c) 2009 Matt Milosavljevic

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
